# Satellite Communication System Simulation

Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning (MA-DRL) Routing Simulator for satellite networks. LSNS is an open-source network simulator based on ONE simulator. OpenSN is an Open Source Library for Emulating LEO Satellite Networks. TinyLEO small-scale LEO Satellite Networking for Global-scale Demands. LORSAT (Design of LoRaWAN protocol Optimisation over SATellite Connection for precision agriculture applications). Multibeam Fixed-Satellite Service Simulator. Open Source Global Satellite Ground Station Network. Starlink Demo, this application simulates and visualizes the Starlink internet constellation. Scepter provides a framework for Command and Control of one to many spacecraft. This simulator, built on the Bevy engine, offers a realistic simulation of low Earth orbit(LEO) satellites. Antenna simulation code using OpenEMS and Octave to optimise a 433MHz band helical antenna design for a LEO cubesat mission. Javelin is a set of ground station tools and utilities for allowing handling of satellite data, satellite control, ground station control, and radio components. SNK is a simulation\emulation platform designed to evaluate the network performance of constellation systems for global Internet services. The Satellite Constellation Creator has the ability to generate orbital parameters based upon the required number of satellites, planes, and orbital phasing desired, to fully describe the orbits of satellites in an idealised system. OpenSAND is an efficient tool to emulate satellite communication systems, mainly DVB-RCS - DVB-S2. NASA Operational Simulator for Small Satellites. KubOS is an open-source software stack for satellites. Satellite Network Simulator 3 (SNS-3) is a satellite network extension to Network Simulator 3 (ns-3) platform. The Open Space Toolkit (OSTk) is a collection of versatile libraries for aerospace engineering use. OS3, the Open Source Satellite Simulator, was developed as a framework for simulating various kinds of satellite-based communication

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

 